Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Narcos 1x06: Explosivos
Pablo's path was total war.
He established a bounty system for killing
cops and over 200 were slaughtered.
The police had to build a special morgue
just to hold the bodies.
The cops.
they took vengeance.
My name is Alba Borraga.
born 1962 in Popayán.
Father Sandoval. mother María.
We own a large tobacco farm.
I graduated Universidad del Cauca
with an emphasis in chemical engineering.
OK. try it again and look at me.
I've already done it 17 times.
You got me and my wife into this.
Now sit down and do it again
until you get it right.
My name is Alba Borraga.
born 1962 in Popayán.
Father Sandoval. mother María.
We own a large tobacco farm.
I graduated Universidad del Cauca
with an emphasis in chemical engineering.
What if they ask me
a question about chemistry?
- I hope you're good at bullshitting.
- OK...
Sit down. Do it again.
It's getting better.
We were protecting Elisa
because she could tie Escobar
to the Palace of Justice...
but by protecting a communist.
we were traitors.
Go figure.
Let's go.
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
Honey. thank you.
- You better help us get Escobar.
- I want him dead. too.
Yeah. but we're not a death squad. OK?
You clearly don't know
your country's history in Latin America.
- Sorry. I didn't hear that...
- Honey. mellow out. OK?
Steve. I know you're mad.
but this is the right thing to do.
The right thing to do? I didn't have
a choice in the matter. did I?
This is the only choice.
You should
think about going back to Miami.
They're in their car. Hold on.
Wow. Maybe I will.
Just get in the car. OK?
OK. OK. they're on the move.
Go. Go. go. go.
Should've never brought Connie down here.
She's not cut out for it.
- He's got that commie bitch with him.
- Don't do anything stupid.
Just keep your head down
and this'll all be over soon enough.
We're gonna cut him off
up here on the left.
Get out of the car. Murphy!
Get out!
- Step away from the vehicle.
- You following me?
- Move him away.
- Easy.
- Back!
- Come on. Move the fuck back!
- Get your hands...
- Get your fucking hands off me!
- Hey!
- You spying on me?
- Relax. Murphy!
Who the fuck were you talking to?
The fuck is she?
Stand down.
Who were you talking to. huh?
Peña.
I got wife troubles.
- Wife troubles.
- Yeah.
Your husband was clever
to get them to follow him.
I hope he's OK.
Shit.
I'm sorry. sir.
I'm American. I don't speak Spanish.
Uh. documents.
Gracias. señor.
Hello?
OK. yes.
OK. you got her to the orphanage.
Good.
Elisa's fine.
Oh. God.
No. I'm just glad you're OK.
Listen. I want you to be smart. OK?
I want you to call me
every other hour from the road.
Actually. call me every hour.
Yeah. Yeah. I know.
I love you. too.
I'm proud of you. Bye.
Now that I knew Connie was safe.
I could focus on César Gaviria.
At the time. the only thing more dangerous
than being a Colombian cop
was being a Colombian
presidential candidate.
Mm-hm.
Gaviria had come out
in favor of extraditing the narcos
to the United States. and it was in our
best interest that he win the presidency.
- But to win...
- Gracias.
...he had to survive until election day.
Uh. Señor Gaviria?
Through that door.
- You must be Agent Murphy.
- Hola.
- Nice to meet you.
- Pleasure.
I'm Eduardo Sandoval.
head of security of Dr. Gaviria.
What can we do for you?
I'm hoping that our agency
can offer some resources
to Mr. Gaviria and your campaign.
Shouldn't the DEA be out
chasing traffickers or is just my thought?
- I think the two coincide.
- Agent Murphy.
- Pleasure. sir.
- The pleasure is mine.
Please. have a seat.
Your Secret Service
has briefed us on security measures.
No open-air speaking engagements.
different routes home every day.
As if. after the deaths of Lara and Galán.
we needed an education on these things.
- Come on.
- Exactly.
These men will stop at nothing
to kill you.
I'm aware of that.
And we're taking every precaution.
Your government even offers
the use of an armored Cadillac limousine.
built for your president.
The thing is that driving around in Bogotá
with an American-made tank
won't exactly endear us to the voters.
And to be honest...
we don't know how to respond to that one.
Somebody offered me a brand new Caddy.
I'd say thank you.
Well. thank you.
And this?
What are we supposed to do with this?
Bullet-proof pants.
I suggest that you wear them.
Thank you. Agent Murphy.
for your consideration.
And we'll keep in mind your advice.
Thank you for your time.
César Gaviria was riding
a wave of public support
for his stance on extradition.
This made him a target.
But we had a target of our own:
José Rodríguez Gacha.
who we tracked to Cartagena
through one of our informants.
What do we got?
Routine airport surveillance.
We tagged Poison.
Who's this guy?
I don't know. but if Poison
showed his face to pick him up.
he must be really important.
Gaviria's life was on the line...
my wife was with Colombia's
most wanted fugitive.
and my partner was in Cartagena.
He had his own mission.
with a group of cops
who had seen their friends and relatives
die at the hands of Gacha.
Like Trujillo.
whose father and two brothers. all cops.
had died in gun battles with the cartel.
As hard as we were going after Gacha.
the narcos wanted Gaviria.
It killed me to ask for help
from this guy.
Suárez was as slimy as a hagfish.
with none of the charm.
You don't call. you don't write.
I need to know who this is.
The fuck back! Fuck back.
OK.
You know who he is?
Gonna tell me? Gonna speak? Yeah...
Suárez knew exactly who
this guy was. and he wasn't the only one.
- Jesus Christ.
- Next time you wanna fuck somebody.
take 'em on a date.
What's going on?
I have reason to believe
the Medellín cartel
is planning an imminent attack
against Gaviria.
We have no intel to that effect.
Maybe you should do your job instead
of spying on other agency personnel.
- What's he talking about?
- Nothing. Ambassador.
CIA's been so kind
to give us these documents.
but 90 percent of them
are too classified for us to read.
I need to get into the White Room.
What's that?
Cut the shit.
You're gonna give me these files.
You've been reading too many spy novels.
Spy novels...
Have you read The Spaniard?
Where the hell did you get that?
Ma'am. he has been in the country
for several days.
He's been escorted
by one of Pablo's top sicarios.
Let me see this.
I know the CIA has intel on this man.
Now. are you going
to give me access or not?
Technically. the room isn't white.
It's more of a... burgundy.
- Agent Schroeder. will you join us?
- Mm-hm.
The White Room
was a top secret repository
for the CIA's deepest.
darkest secrets.
So secret. in fact. that its
very existence was never acknowledged.
Sit here.
Agent Schroeder
will watch you the entire time.
Where are the files?
Gacha was always paranoid
when things were quiet.
And now. he began to wonder
about Navegante.
The Spaniard was a name
that got everyone's attention.
He was a member of ETA.
Never heard of 'em?
They made bomb-making
a goddamn art form.
They were a group of supposed
freedom fighters from the Basque country.
trying to secede from Spain.
Their specialty was
targeted assassinations of public figures.
ETA was responsible for the assassination
of Spanish Prime Minister Luis Blanco.
returning home from Christmas Mass...
and a remote-controlled car bomb that
killed Defense Minister Alejandro Rivera.
The man behind those bombs?
You guessed it... the Spaniard.
Whose real name is Efram Gonzalez.
a celebrity now. for hire.
Expensive. but the best.
'Cause Pablo only hires the best.
That was Pablo's plan.
to blow up Gaviria.
The question was.
where. when and how?
I appreciate your concern.
Madam Ambassador.
but canceling our campaign travel
is not an option.
Well. given the new information
that Agent Murphy has uncovered.
I hope you'll reconsider.
He has appearances in Cali. Boyacá.
and a dozen other cities.
You are a target in every one.
Yes. and... we've done everything
your Secret Service
and Spain's Civil Guard
have recommended.
We also have bomb-sniffing dogs
at every campaign stop. so...
I think we're good.
You think the Spaniard
doesn't know that?
Yes. I know.
But tell me. Agent Murphy.
how do you expect him to win the election
if he hides like a scared rabbit
behind all this violence?
Tell me. how?
How do you expect him to win
if he's dead?
I'm not telling your wife
you died on my watch.
This is not your watch. OK?
Thank you. Agent Murphy...
but Eduardo's right.
I'll take my chances.
Uh-huh.
"Tu puerta"?
- "Door."
- Door.
Suárez! Suárez.
Suárez!
Talk to me. you bastard.
Suárez. hello?
Hello?
Hel...
- I want that call.
- Right away. sir.
Carrillo and his men
arrived in Tolu to kill Gacha.
And Peña still hoped
he could be taken alive.
What are you gonna do?!
Asshole!
I'll sleep tonight.
This was the first successful
major operation by the Search Bloc.
It signaled to the country
and to the world
that the fight against the narcos
had moved to a new level.
Dr. Gaviria!
- Agent Murphy.
- What are you doing here?
- No. no. He can't go. no.
- What?
There's gonna be a bomb waiting.
He goes. he dies.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What are you talking about?
This is your job. your call.
But I know something's gonna go down.
Do you have proof?
I got my gut.
You got your gut.
- What if you're wrong?
- I hope to God I am.
What if I'm right?
I'll follow your gut this time.
Well... it seems like
you and I are not the only ones afraid.
Original: explosiveskull @ addic7ed.com
Adjustments by HBash
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm